only thing that matters is the ending
the most important part of the story and
this one it's very good this one is
perfect Mort Rainey every story is a
window into another world but some
windows should never be open
you stole my story I don't believe I
know you I know you mr. Rainey that's
what matters you stole my story kind of
an amazing coincidence the story's being
so much alike her death will be a
mystery top down he's dead the guy calls
himself shooter maybe my name not
shooter hello
remember a story secret window you and
me at how many people know about that
right you scared too easy
out there alone anything could happen
nobody would know what do you want for
me my ending I want you to fix it I
don't think should is just some nut I'd
like to know what I'm dealing with here
you don't want to know I will throw in
your life and if the person in it like I
came to you then I highway
holding that matters is the ending the
most important part of the story the
ending
you